reports/cover-letter.md, before:

\pagestyle{empty}

Vaccine and Infectious Disease Division  
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center  
1100 Fairview Ave. N., M2-C200  
Seattle, WA 98109 \
Friday, 10 May 2013 \
\
Professor Stephen E. Fienberg  
Editor, _Annals of Applied Statistics_  
132G Baker Hall  
Department of Statistics  
Carnegie Mellon University   
Pittsburgh, PA 15213\
\
Dear Professor Fienberg:\
\
Please find enclosed a manuscript entitled "High-Dimensional Regularized
Discriminant Analysis," which my coauthors, Mr. Caleb Stein and Professor Dean
Young, and I are submitting for exclusive consideration of publication as a
research article in the _Annals of Applied Statistics_, with which we have had
no prior interaction regarding our manuscript.

In this paper we propose a regularized classifier that is intended for
small-sample, high-dimensional data, that is computationally efficient, and that
is often superior to several recently proposed sparse and regularized
classifiers in terms of classification accuracy. We have provided an _R_
implementation in the _sparsediscrim_ package, which is available on
_CRAN_. Furthermore, the classification study for the article is reproducible
and is available upon request. This paper should be of interest to a broad
readership including those interested in efficient sparse and regularized
classifiers for high-dimensional classification.

Due to a potential conflict of interest, we respectfully request that the
following six individuals not be asked to review the paper:

1. Professor Daniella Witten, University of Washington, USA
2. Professor Robert Tibshirani, Stanford University, USA
3. Professor Trevor Hastie, Stanford University, USA
4. Professor Herbert Pang, Duke University, USA
5. Professor Tiejun Tong, Hong Kong Baptist University, Hong Kong
6. Professor Hongyu Zhao, Yale University, USA

Thank you for your consideration of our work. Please address all correspondence
concerning this manuscript to me via e-mail (johnramey@gmail.com) or phone
(1-206-667-6535).
\
Sincerely,\
\
\
\
John A. Ramey, Ph.D.  
Postdoctoral Research Fellow  
Enclosure: Manuscript

Commit message:

Updated cover letter body to include data sets.

reports/cover-letter.md, after:

\pagestyle{empty}

Vaccine and Infectious Disease Division  
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center  
1100 Fairview Ave. N., M2-C200  
Seattle, WA 98109 \
Friday, 10 May 2013 \
\
Professor Stephen E. Fienberg  
Editor, _Annals of Applied Statistics_  
132G Baker Hall  
Department of Statistics  
Carnegie Mellon University   
Pittsburgh, PA 15213\
\
Dear Professor Fienberg:\
\
Please find enclosed a manuscript entitled "High-Dimensional Regularized
Discriminant Analysis," which my coauthors, Mr. Caleb Stein and Professor Dean
Young, and I are submitting for exclusive consideration of publication as a
research article in the _Annals of Applied Statistics_, with which we have had
no prior interaction regarding our manuscript.

In this paper we propose a regularized classifier that is intended for
small-sample, high-dimensional data, that is computationally
efficient, and that is often superior to several recently proposed
sparse and regularized classifiers in terms of classification
accuracy. We have provided an _R_ implementation in the
_sparsediscrim_ package, which is available on _CRAN_. Furthermore,
the classification study for the article is reproducible and is
available upon request. For the classification study, we used standard
microarray benchmark data sets and have been bundled them in the
_datamicroarray_ R package at:
\url{https://github.com/ramey/datamicroarray}. This paper should be of
interest to a broad readership including those interested in efficient
sparse and regularized classifiers for high-dimensional
classification.

Due to a potential conflict of interest, we respectfully request that the
following six individuals not be asked to review the paper:

1. Professor Daniella Witten, University of Washington, USA
2. Professor Robert Tibshirani, Stanford University, USA
3. Professor Trevor Hastie, Stanford University, USA
4. Professor Herbert Pang, Duke University, USA
5. Professor Tiejun Tong, Hong Kong Baptist University, Hong Kong
6. Professor Hongyu Zhao, Yale University, USA

Thank you for your consideration of our work. Please address all correspondence
concerning this manuscript to me via e-mail (johnramey@gmail.com) or phone
(1-206-667-6535).
\
Sincerely,\
\
\
\
John A. Ramey, Ph.D.  
Postdoctoral Research Fellow  
Enclosure: Manuscript
